User Story
As a developer who writes about tech, I want a CMS-style blog site so that I can publish articles, blog posts, and my thoughts and opinions.

Acceptance Criteria
<!-- TODO: Homepage -->
Homepage
Given a CMS-style blog site
When I visit the site for the first time
Then I am presented with the homepage, including existing blog posts (if any), navigation links for the homepage and the dashboard, and the option to log in.

<!-- TODO: Navigation -->
Navigation
When I click on the homepage option
Then I am taken to the homepage.
When I click on any other links in the navigation
Then I am prompted to either sign up or sign in.

<!-- TODO: User Authentication -->
User Authentication
When I choose to sign up
Then I am prompted to create a username and password.
When I click on the sign-up button
Then my user credentials are saved, and I am logged into the site.
When I revisit the site and choose to sign in
Then I am prompted to enter my username and password.
When I am signed in
Then I see navigation links for the homepage, the dashboard, and the option to log out.

<!-- TODO: Homepage Display -->
Homepage Display
When I click on the homepage option in the navigation
Then I am taken to the homepage and presented with existing blog posts, including the post title and the date created.

<!-- TODO: Blog Post Viewing -->
Blog Post Viewing
When I click on an existing blog post
Then I am presented with the post title, contents, post creator’s username, and date created for that post, with the option to leave a comment.

<!-- TODO: Commenting -->
Commenting
When I enter a comment and click on the submit button while signed in
Then the comment is saved, and the post is updated to display the comment, the comment creator’s username, and the date created.

<!-- TODO: Dashboard -->
Dashboard
When I click on the dashboard option in the navigation
Then I am taken to the dashboard and presented with any blog posts I have already created and the option to add a new blog post.

<!-- TODO: Blog Post Creation -->
Blog Post Creation
When I click on the button to add a new blog post
Then I am prompted to enter both a title and contents for my blog post.
When I click on the button to create a new blog post
Then the title and contents of my post are saved, and I am taken back to an updated dashboard with my new blog post.

<!-- TODO: Blog Post Management -->
Blog Post Management
When I click on one of my existing posts in the dashboard
Then I am able to delete or update my post and taken back to an updated dashboard.

<!-- TODO: Logout -->
Logout
When I click on the logout option in the navigation
Then I am signed out of the site.

<!-- TODO: Idle Timeout -->
Idle Timeout
When I am idle on the site for more than a set time
Then I am able to view posts and comments, but I am prompted to log in again before I can add, update, or delete posts.